All right.
Don't go.
hate
Very safe
Take it easy
Tap tap
This is the emperor
What the hell
Fortunately, I was already thrown into the cold palace.
This homemade telescope can see quite clearly
Sure to sell for a good price
Transcend to
It's been more than half a year here.
The money saved from leaving the palace is almost the same
It's time to plan
Take a sip
What are you reading?
The emperor is in the bridal chamber
Uh-huh.
Ah!
I asked what are you looking at?
Shh! Quiet!
If the emperor finds out, we will both be doomed
Emperor
Since you know it's the emperor, you still dare to peek
Don't worry.
Oh, you see it now?
It's a big deal, let's kill the head together
What is this?
You can see clearly from so far
Hum let me tell you
The emperor can't do that
Well, how do you know that?
I saw it.
It's over in 1 minute
No no no no
Little Guard
I have an out-of-print Spring Palace map
Definitely better than live streaming
Only ten taels of silver
How did it go?
It's worth it, what a dare
This kind of thing dares to be brought into the Royal Inner Court
Watch me cut off a woman's head